docs(tutorials): review content (#1004)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/jitsi-docker/index.mdx

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [configured your SSH key](/console/my-project/how-to/create-ssh-key)
  - You have [created an Instance](/compute/instances/how-to/create-an-instance) that runs Ubuntu Bionic Beaver or later

>   - You have installed [Docker](docs/tutorials/install-docker-ubuntu-bionic) on the instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have installed [Docker](docs/tutorials/install-docker-ubuntu-bionic) on the Instance
```

>   - For best performances of Jitsi Meet, an instance with at least 4GB RAM is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For best performances of Jitsi Meet, we recommend you use an Instance with at least 4GB RAM
```
